## News

## Tutorial

* [Webpage tracking only using CSS (and no JS)](https://github.com/jbtronics/CrookedStyleSheets): This article is proof of concept for website tracking/analytics using only CSS and without Javascript. We can gather some basic information about the user, using this method, it's possible to track when a user visits a link the first time or hovers over a field the first time.

## Engineering Practices

## Under the hood

## OpenSource

* [Scrollama](https://github.com/russellgoldenberg/scrollama): Scrollama is a modern & lightweight JavaScript library for scrollytelling using IntersectionObserver in favor of scroll events.

- [JARVIS](https://github.com/zouhir/jarvis): J.A.R.V.I.S. (Just A Rather Very Intelligent System) will put in your browser all the relevant information you need from your webpack build whether in dev or in prod. It is hugely inspired by other webpack dashboards and the core idea is not original, but here are some features: shows you the count of ES Harmony module imports which can be treeshakable and the CJS ones which are not, shows you how well your assets perform in 12 different connection types.

- [1Backend](https://github.com/1backend/1backend): 1Backend is a platform designed to make deploying, running and maintaining lambda functions/microservices easy. It enables you to launch a new live app in seconds - after choosing your tech stack (e.g. Go with access to an SQL database) you get an empty app which is already live and callable from the outside (through HTTP). At that moment, it supports Go, JavaScript, TypeScript and MySQL.

- [Prisma](https://github.com/graphcool/prisma): Prisma can turn your database into a GraphQL API. Prisma lets you design your data model and have a production ready GraphQL API online in minutes. The Prisma GraphQL API provides powerful abstractions and building blocks to develop flexible, scalable GraphQL backends: type-safe api, data modeling with declarative sdl, realtime api, advanced API composition and works with all frontend frameworks.
